I want to be the best but no one ever
was ash there are no more masters
everything we've worked for is gone
can't you see the fights are getting
worse Pikachu's gonna die in those pits
Pikachu falls when Ivysaur comes out
nice and simple no when was last time
you saw oak how about misty be ashamed
if you never see him again I can't just
do nothing you've got a choice goddamn
it I choose you
why you got your money yeah well you
almost kill them what are you so upset
about it's just a Pikachu
you changed
ha ash what can I do for you oh no son
of a bitch you're dead and everyone you
know it's dead everyone where's ash
where are you then prepare for trouble
and make it double where is ash ketchum
what is it going to stop when I've
caught them all